[All Hosts] (devx) Refresh 12 devx and auth related articles (#5831)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/authentication-patterns.md

---
title: Authentication design guidelines for Office Add-ins
ms.date: 07/10/2026
ms.topic: best-practice
description: Learn design patterns for sign-in and sign-up experiences in Office Add-ins.
ai-usage: ai-assisted

ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Authentication patterns

> Add-ins may require users to sign in or sign up to access features. Common authentication controls include username and password fields and buttons that start third-party credential flows. A simple, efficient authentication experience helps users get started quickly.

Reviewer: can we use a term other than third-party? e.g.:

```suggestion
Add-ins may require users to sign in or sign up to access features. Common authentication controls include username and password fields and buttons that start non-Microsoft credential flows. A simple, efficient authentication experience helps users get started quickly.
```
